Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers.
>> Our top stories, Asian stocks off to a
muted start as investors await key US
inflation data that could impact the
pace of Fed rate cuts.
>> Yep. And onore Chinese shares in focus
with retail investors continuing to fuel
the rally. And that's despite concerns
of overheating in the market. AI chip
maker warning of trading risks after its
stock more than doubled in a month. Also
ahead, China's intense food delivery
price war putting Alibaba under the
spotlight ahead of earnings that are due
later.
>> And we speak exclusively with the BSP
Governor Ellie Ramaloma as he signals
the Philippines may be close to wrapping
up its easing cycle.
[Music]
All right, we're wrapping up the end of
the trading week. It's also the last day
of trading for August in the session
today. But actually, we're looking
fairly muted as we kick off Asian
equities this morning. I mean, overnight
was actually a very solid session for
the S&P 500 for instance, fresh record
uh for that for that index. We had GDP
for data for instance, showing the US
consumer looking fairly resilient. Uh
but not really translating into the
session so far this morning. You've got
that gauge fairly flat right now and
you're really not seeing too much
movement in really any asset class.
Stocks, bonds, FX, it's all looking
fairly steady this morning. It is that
big question though. Of course, you've
got that more continued hype around US
stocks. You saw, for instance, Nvidia
managing to pair its losses. We had some
more price target upgrades to that
stock. But the session today also very
much likely to be directed by Chinese
sentiment. And are those signs of
overheating continuing to come through?
But let's take a look at Chinese
equities ahead of the open here. What
we're seeing in futures for instance,
because we even had a warning from
Cabricon, which of course has been sort
of the the it's the AI chip designer in
China, but it has been really one of the
big beneficiaries as Nvidia or investors
look for the next Nvidia inside mainland
China. But that actually they actually
put out a warning about the trading
risks, saying it's really not starting
to address the fundamentals of the
stock. What else we're tracking though
is a note we had from Morgan Stanley for
instance. Again, they've been looking at
whether there are those signs of
overheating appearing. They're saying
yes, they're starting to appear
sporadically. Some of the factors
they're watching, onshore bond yields,
any policy catalyst for instance, and
whether the mainland government will be
forced to intervene to stabilize the
market. What else they're watching, of
course, is earnings. And if you take a
look at this terminal chart, for
instance, it is a major day for Chinese
earnings. We've got a combined $3
trillion of market cap reporting. But if
there's one really to watch and one that
I'm going to be watching very closely,
it's Alibaba. Uh given that you've had a
lot of competition that's come through
even this week with mtoan numbers for
instance, uh really reflecting the
intense competition around the food
delivery space space rather and that is
showing up in price targets because if
you take a look at at how they've really
been slashed over the last three months,
I mean for instance Mtoan for instance
really taking the brunt of this but
that's a 26% cut to the price target.
You're looking at JD for instance around
22% and even Muan or Alibaba rather
still down 11% and analysts are saying
there could be more to come. So that's
really on the earnings front on the data
front though if you take a look at this
chart it's really that direction what we
get for the Fed's preferred inflation
gauge you later uh PCE data or the core
reading is expected to tick up. What
does that tell us about where the Fed
goes with its easing cycle? Yeah,
because you know, everyone's been
concerned about tariff pass through, but
we really haven't quite seen that yet.
It's more about shelter and maybe even
services inflation this time around.
According to Anna Wong from Blubber
Economics, that may lead to maybe more
of a punchier print, but certainly that
does lead to a lot of questions and
potentially complicate the Fed's
equation here on when to actually start
cutting rates again, right? So certainly
that's one of the big focus here today
for for the macro traders out there as
well. But as you talk about this China
rally, right? I mean, the fact that
Cameron itself, it's not just some
sellside analysts saying chill. It's a
company saying chill. You got to wonder,
is this rally going too bit too far?
>> Yeah, exactly. I mean, exactly. This has
been really the big beneficiary. And
they're saying we don't actually have
even any new products coming out. Any
reports on that in local media are
false. So, they're really, I guess,
trying to temper that expectation. And I
get it's going to be really one of the
the big companies to watch in the
session today.
>> Yeah. And it really kind of lots of
questions about this fierce rotation
that we're seeing, right? This
significant pullback we're seeing in
southbound flows, right? Record net
selling that we saw yesterday on the
stock connect in some ways and really
kind of mainland investors sticking
domestically right now. I got to wonder
is that going to be something that's
more sustainable here moving forward? As
you say, people are start buying into
the whole tech innovation sort of trend.
Um, but yeah, Alibaba might be the next
sort of catalyst there, right? if they
could actually say something about how
much they're willing to spend in this
fierce irrational competition.
>> Yeah, I don't think it's just sort of
that backward-looking picture, you know,
what kind of losses. I mean, we are
expecting a loss in the local disservice
group for instance, and that's more like
the food delivery side of the business.
It's what they signal about their
intention of how much they're willing to
stake out their ground in this
territory. But there are analysts like
JP Morgan for instance saying that out
of the three JD, Mtoan, and Alibaba,
Alibaba is actually the one that's best
positioned for it. Alibaba of course but
the banks as well
>> they got the deeper pockets right um
that certainly is maybe the benefit
there um we'll talk a little bit more
about that but obviously we got to talk
about the Philippines as well with a
rate cut yesterday
>> yes that's right so they're saying that
maybe we've got space for one more cut a
question of course when that cut could
come I mean they've already signal for
instance they're in a goldilocks
environment so do they need one more cut
but of course uh we can get into all the
details now because the Philippine
central bank as we said could be nearing
the end of its easing cycle but here to
discuss it with us this morning is
Governor Ellie Ramalona joining us
exclusively from Manila. So, thanks very
much for joining us again this morning,
Governor. And I want to get your
perspective here because you said
yesterday there is space for one more
cut. You've got two meetings left for
this year, one in October, one in
December. Which one is more likely do
you think for the cut if it comes?
>> I think um we've reached our sweet spot
uh for inflation as well as for output
growth. If the numbers stay the way they
are, then we won't need another uh rate
cut. But there are signs of weakness. Uh
Ivonne uh for example uh the purchasing
managers index which is uh a good index
in times of uncertainty that indicates
weakness. So if that weakness
materializes then there's room for one
more rate cut.
>> What do you think another cut would
accomplish then? Governor, when you when
you mentioned we're already at a
Goldilocks sort of neutral rate or near
there.
>> Yes, you the Goldilocks rate uh can
change uh it's roughly uh it's roughly
the trend growth rate of the economy and
that could change. So if there's sign of
uh there's signs of uh weak demand
especially then a rate cut will help.
>> And and which factors are you looking at
more closely? Are you looking at
external factors of course trade risks
or tariffs risks start to come into the
equation or is it domestic?
>> Uh mainly mainly uh mainly trade
factors. Uh so far our exports are doing
well but uh there are risks that uh our
exports could uh could decline. So
that's one of the that's one of the
factors we worry about.
And governor, some have actually pointed
out that if if you see a possible
terminal rate at 4.75%, that's still
historically high compared to what we
saw during the pandemic low of 2% to
even the end of 2019, which is, I
believe, around 4%. I is it premature to
to maybe call the end of this easing
cycle when we really quite haven't seen
the impact of tariffs on the economy
just yet?
>> No, we haven't. No, we haven't. Uh
that's uh that's a big uh source of
uncertainty.
I think uh of course during the pandemic
uh we had to keep rates very very low
but uh given what's uh been going on
since then I think uh a real interest
rate in other words an interest rate
that includes that uh includes
expectations of inflation
uh 4% uh nominal is a bit low
the real rate we're looking at is more
like 3% % 2% actually.
>> So, so how long then do you take to
monitor that pass through impact from
tariffs?
What does this cycle actually look like
to you in terms of of length and and if
you are expecting maybe to stay steady,
how long do you expect to stamp out as
well?
>> Well, we we thought there would be be
more clarity by now and uh that hasn't
happened. We're still uh in the middle
of negotiations,
so we have to see.
>> Do you think that we could you would
stay for most of next year? Governor,
>> say that again,
>> if you were to hold things steady, h how
long could you hold those rates steady?
For most of 2026, you think?
Uh, okay. I think we lost track of the
governor. There some technical glitches
there. We'll try to work that out. But
certainly he he says there are still a
lot of lingering factors and things that
they might be looking at, right? Whether
you know how US tariffs are really going
to impact the economy and and of course
uh domestically as well, but certainly
what we're seeing very, you know, he
says it's still not quite certain right
now how the external picture is going to
be.
>> Exactly. Still trying to monitor that
pasture impact from from tariffs. and he
said there are still negotiations that
are that are ongoing as well, but we're
going to try and reestablish our hope
with the governor and get more
perspective on that. But of course,
coming up as well,
>> yeah, still ahead, we're talk a little
bit more about uh how Taiwanese banks
are doing. We're talking about Cath
United Banks, global business strategy,
an exclusive chat with their executive
vice president and head of international
banking, Benny Mao. And of course, we're
kind of the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This is the
China show.
[Music]
All right, I think we fixed the gremlins
here and let's bring back the BSP
Governor Ellie Ramalona there joining us
exclusively from Manila. Governor, hope
you can hear us now. And certainly we we
want to pick up the conversation of
where we you mentioned that you might be
be able to stay on pause for some time
as of course you assess the impacts of
of tariffs and the like. But if you were
to hold, you know, are you expected to
hold for for much of next year? Do you
have some sort of time frame in mind?
>> The the time frame we're looking at is
one year. So if we want to hold, we'll
hold for if the data for the outlook
stays the same, then we'll we'll hold
for the rest of the year.
>> And so okay, so you can see then the BSP
maybe perhaps not standing pat going
through basically into 2027. It seems
going to more of the domestic issues as
well. I mean,
>> yes,
>> you know, Barclays, for instance, is
still seeing that there's more room for
the BSP to cut rates and and one of the
the areas that they're looking at is the
the impact of the government move to
halt rice imports. Which factors are you
watching in particular?
>> Well, electricity rates is uh the
biggest risk. Uh then food prices is
probably the second uh second biggest
risk. Now, these are supply side
factors. We can't do anything directly
to the supply side but the spillover
effects from from those supply shocks we
can we can somehow mitigate with uh with
with monetary policy.
>> What about remittance growth? Do you
expect things to slow just given the
fact that there are imminent taxes from
the US now?
>> Um we don't know. We we really don't
know what uh what's going on on that
side. But uh but for now we expect uh
remittance floats to remain stable as
they have been for years.
>> In terms of of the currency, I mean
we've seen some moves in the Philippine
Peso following the the the decision or
the meeting yesterday. What's your
outlook for where it trades from here,
especially with with a possible Fed cut
on the horizon?
We we don't uh we don't target the
exchange rate. Uh we just try to keep it
stable. Uh so far this year, the the
peso has appreciated against the US
dollar. But that's not by uh that's not
by design. That's just what the market
is doing.
>> Does that give you a bit more of a
buffer then to if you need to cut rates
uh later on this year as well or if you
need to
>> a tiny bit? We we don't think we need to
uh move in lock step with the Fed, but
uh yes uh it helps. I think
>> what's what's your outlook then around
inflation over the remainder of this
year?
>> We think um we focus on uh 2026. We
think it's going to be 3.3%
and then 3.4% in 2027
for this year. maybe maybe below 2% for
the rest for for this year
for 2021.
>> There's been Yeah, there's been some
debate about whether the BSP should be
considering to switch their inflation to
maybe a specific number, right? A target
versus some sort of range. Uh can you
maybe chime on this debate a little bit
here and and when do you think that
could be implemented?
>> I think the the way we do it now is not
uh is not communicated well. Uh I think
uh instead of saying where we have a
target range, we should say 3% plus or
minus 1%. Uh because the way we do it
now, it's as if 3.9% is just as good as
3%.
Which it's not. Uh we like 3% better
than 3.9.
>> Governor, I want to just get your your
view on this one. I mean, you've said
there's space for one more rate cut this
year, but you're also seeming to sort of
really maybe back away from that a
little bit. So, in terms of of the
likelihood of of one more cut this year,
>> what sort of percentage are you putting
on that? Is it is it a 30% chance of one
more cut this year? 40, 50?
>> I wish I could tell you, Annabelle. It
it's going to depend on the data as
usual. All
right, governor, we have to leave it
there, but thank you so much for dealing
with some of the technical glitches for
us there. Elliot Ramaloma, Governor of
the Philippine Central Bank, BSP joining
us there. Um, we got to talk about this
remakes because it's once again a pretty
strong one right now. So, we're talking
about 71030.
This was stronger than what the analyst
had expected and it really it's signs of
the PBOC maybe nudging towards a
stronger currency. So that fix is
probably the biggest that we've seen uh
the most since September. So certainly,
you know, is this a sign of them maybe
steering away from this sort of FX
policy of keeping a stable currency? You
know, there's a whole narrative behind
now that they're looking to maybe, you
know, a gradual appreciation to help
with the economic recovery and also to
help with this equity rally too. Bo.
>> Yeah. And actually that's sort of been
playing as well into into some trading
recommendations for instance because
city is saying that they're actually
recommending a bullish yuan trade on
these expectations around appreciation.
So that they're actually looking at some
positive equity momentum as well off the
back of that too. But let's uh get more
on the markets. Bring in Bloomberg's
executive editor for Asia Markets Paul
Dobson joining us from Singapore as
well. Our China correspondent Mim Milllo
also joining us from Beijing. Uh we will
kick off wi with you Paul and and take a
look at at at really where the direction
of trading has gone because yesterday it
was that big story of of pulling back
from Hong Kong into mainland equities.
Is that something that we should expect
to continue? Is it is it sort of a
normal pace as well? I mean what's your
take?
Well, I think that yesterday uh was
pretty extraordinary because of the move
that we saw in Mtoan and the other
platform uh companies that really big
shock from the earnings uh getting
absolutely pummeled by that competition
in the food delivery sector. So maybe
there was a little bit of a one-off
allergic reaction there. But I do think
that in general uh it feels like the
mainland markets have the edge at the
moment and that's where more of the
money is starting to go as well. So
there's a little bit of a push and a bit
of a pull as well. Uh interesting
debates going on this morning. More
people talking about is this too much of
a bubble? Is this getting overheated?
And of course, Camcon itself putting out
a little bit of a warning about uh about
its valuations, too. Uh but on the other
hand, we have some strategists who are
saying we're only just getting started.
There's so much money still sitting on
the sidelines here. There's so much
money tied up in in bonds. There's so
much in savings accounts. Uh that could
roll back into the equities and keep
this going for a good long while from
where we are at the moment. So um you
know maybe uh the pace can moderate but
it certainly seems like there are
reasons for people to still believe in
this rally uh and believe that maybe the
mainland uh markets where they've been
cheaper until recently might have a
chance of uh showing a better
performance than those in Hong Kong.
>> Uh m I I'll bring you in this whole
Capricorn warning. I mean the company
itself is saying that the fact that the
stock has doubled in a month is is kind
of far from its fundamentals here right
now. What more do we hear?
>> Yeah, it's been a really impressive
rally, right? 134% in the past month
alone. It's about 17 times faster than
the pace of the rally that we see on the
CSI 300. And so the company warned that
as you said the prices the price moves
are detached or have deviated from the
company's fundamentals. It also refuted
some uh rumors or information
circulating online that the company is
launching new products. It said it says
that that is not happening. But some of
the price moves perhaps have been
triggered by Goldman Sachs for example
raising the price target for this
company by 50% on the back of a stronger
profit expectation because Cambrian did
provide guidance for its revenue this
year. It's about 5 to 7 billion UN which
is five times or so more than the 1.2
billion UN that we saw last year. But
more broadly, it also shows you that
investors are perhaps shifting their
preference away from those consumer
stocks to some of these techdriven uh
companies uh as amid this deflationary
environment and that trade war the tech
race with the United States. But we did
see though for example Nvidia
forecasting growth decelerating. This we
had earnings report from Nauu a Chinese
equipment making company uh showing a
profit a revenue miss which was quite
unexpected. So possibly we could see the
chip sector taking a little bit of a
breather today especially given the
profit warning uh the warning from
Crycoin as well.
Paul, I mean there's sort of I mean
there's all the the the question marks
around whether this rally in China can
extend, but something else that's really
going to set the direction for trading
at least in the weeks ahead is is also
what we get from the US uh eco data
later with the Fed's preferred inflation
gauge coming out. How how important is
this for for markets and and if we do
see sort of an overshoot undershoot,
what does it mean for the Fed?
Yeah, I'm not sure what it means from
the Fed because it does seem like quite
a few of the policy makers are kind of
already making their decision that uh
September is the the time to go for the
first uh cut in you know this cycle
after after the pause for most of the
year. Uh that being said uh obviously
inflation is one of the two important
inputs that the Fed is monitoring very
carefully. It's worried about the jobs
data, yes, but it doesn't want to see
inflation too high and too sticky. It
would much rather see it moderate.
Forecast is that the core CPI, which is
the Fed's preferred gauge, is going to
increase a little bit, partly driven by
services, though uh and and and what
people will really be looking for is how
much is that pass through uh of the
tariff costs going to come through into
inflation. I kind of feel like with the
market expecting a little bit of a beat
already um with the market quite well
priced for the Fed to begin cutting in
September. Um you know if we have a
strong beat or a strong miss you know
kind of like the expectations and the
positioning uh kind of can cancel each
other out to a certain extent and that
leaves the the market not too much
different from where we are. But what I
would say longer term is, you know, if
you're thinking about what we saw in the
GDP data, for example, overnight, uh
you're thinking about the fact that the
US does have a very stimulative uh
economic policy in place and the Fed
might be cutting as well, then there's
few reasons to be really fearful about
what's going on in the equities market
at the moment and more to be looking for
for further gains there.
>> Paul, thank you Paul Doson there. Our
executive editor for Asia Markets and
our China correspondent Mow there on
what to expect at the open today.
Certainly one to watch as Capricorn
shares here and of course the pre-market
is looking like this here right now in
Hong Kong. We continue to see a bit of a
recovery at least uh here offshore.
We're up about 4/10en of 1% 71030 of
course for your fix this morning. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're a few minutes away from the open
this morning and just taking a look at
how the pre-market is looking. I mean,
you've got some upside, but certainly
one stock we're going to watch very
closely. It's Cambercon. It's warned of
the frenzy we've seen in trading
activity and you can see there the
result of Yep. And and maybe that's why
we are seeing this fierce rotation,
record net record selling yesterday in
terms of these southbound flows. So,
mainland investors are really kind of
flocking back into this Asshare market
in some ways and really buying up some
of those stocks like Cameron, right? And
that really leads to that normalization
of the horses ah share premium. Now you
take a look at how things are looking
like now when we were talking about
parody just a few weeks ago. Maybe we're
getting back to now premiums and that
winding once again. The open is next.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. This morning, we're counting down
to the open of markets and it is a major
day for Chinese companies reporting a
combined $3 trillion of market cap, but
also some of the standouts. I mean,
Alibaba for instance, also watching any
signs that that frenzy, that
overheating, maybe those signals are
starting to come through. And even a
warning from Camber Con, for instance,
you can see there that really it's not
justified the amount of trading activity
you can see. And as a result, I mean,
you can see it there, down 7% so far in
pre-market.
>> Yeah, this market darling flagging the
alarm bells here. Hey,
chill everyone, right? Uh 6.8% down to
the downside. I mean, we tal about how
the stock has doubled in a month. So,
we're just slightly coming off that here
right now. But certainly one thing to
watch when it comes to some of the
southbound flows here as well. Does that
actually lead to more of a rotation back
into Hong Kong? At least we're seeing a
little bit of recovery there uh in the
hang here today. But yes, record net
selling yesterday uh when it came to
mainland investors buying up some of
these Hong Kong stocks. Is this a sign
of a trend or maybe something that you
know I don't know are we starting signs
of overheating, right? Morgan Stanley's
Laura Wang came up with an interesting
note, right? Sporadic but not yet
prevalent is how she's framing it in
terms of the overbought signals that
we're seeing uh across these Chinese
markets. everything you look at when it
comes to you know margin trading over a
percentage of turnover for example
that's approaching 2024 levels right now
but so not as you know prevalent just
yet but certainly we'll talk about the
guy the signpost that she's going to be
looking out for in the coming uh months
or so but here you go uh we are seeing
when it comes to onshore slight downside
in the CSI 300 but we're still around
that 4450 level here right now uh we're
still watching Shenzhen which has been
on fire as well that's slightly to the
downside here today and bonds are
actually slightly bit up here this
morning. We're seeing the three-year
yield down uh some 1%. We're still
around that 2% level of course as well.
So there you go. Uh that's what's going
on. We are seeing some of these major
like Quochow is doing quite well here
today. Mao Group, there you go.
Capricorn is down some 6%. So that might
be a bit of a drag overall on some of
the the starboard here today. We'll see
how that fares uh for the rest of the
day. But yes, Alibaba is the next thing
to watch, right? Because after what I
think one analyst said, the the blood
that was in the in the water, what Mtoan
uh laid out there in terms of what the
the outlook's going to look like in the
food delivery space, it's really up to
Alibaba now to maybe give a little bit
more hints on what it's going to look
like. You know, how are they looking in
terms of spending? Are they willing to
continue to burn cash uh in this here
fierce irrational competition as Mtoan
calls it as well? Hang is up some 410 of
1%. HS Tech is flat here right nowish,
right? So Mtoan is still down after we
saw quite a bit of a steep drop of 10%
or more during this session yesterday as
well. Alibaba though slight gains there
and BU seems to be the standout out of
the big ones here. We're up at 1.5%.
Take a look at the rem though 71280
right. So we're seeing quite of a
massive move here. Maybe we're getting
closer to the 710 levels. Uh but another
fix uh that was quite strong from the
PBOC. There's a lot of lingering talks
of what this means. Is the PBOC favoring
a little bit more of a gradual
appreciation in the currency here as
they want to help with this economic
recovery as they want to build and fuel
more inflows into this equity market and
is it enough to show you that there's a
change in the FX policy because up until
now it seems like they have been
preferring a little bit more of a stable
currency in the face of course of US
China trade tensions but now that has
cooled down we'll see right but you take
a look at how the rem is against the
basket though that's still lower so
maybe there is still a bit of a buffer
there in some ways. Uh there you go.
Watching of course when it comes to
earnings. So Alibaba certainly is one
that might be overshadowing what what's
going on which is the banks right
because the all the big ones are going
to be reporting later on today. So the
likes of ICBC, Bank of China, ACT Bank,
uh CCB as well, they're gaining here.
We're going to have a great guest from
EUN coming up talking about the whole
dividend play and and where things stand
here right now. Of course, banks were
the first to really kind of lead this
rally. uh but that seems to be now uh
taken up by tech in particular here. But
yes, certainly uh Bloomberg Intelligence
says we might be seeing single digits
when it comes to some of these earnings
growth of some of these big banks as
well. So certainly one to watch.
Anyways, I I talked about signpost. I'm
going to tell you now. What is Laura
Wang and her team at Morgan Stanley
looking at moving forward, right, on
potential catalysts and potential things
that could actually derail this rally,
right? So earnings certainly is one. uh
onshore bond yields if we continue to
see this melt up or melt down. Uh when
it comes to bond yields, policy catalyst
there, mind the typo, my my my bad
there, but government intervention also,
right? We saw signs possibly, we can't
confirm, but there's a lot of chatter
there about brokerages and how they're,
you know, limiting purchases and talking
about raising those margin deposits. And
also, when it comes to credit cards, uh
there banks are telling people don't get
a credit card just to buy stocks. Maybe
there's some slow signs of people Neil
some intervention there. We'll see.
>> Yeah, I mean it is as you said it's a
major major day for earnings and this is
really going to be something that's
going to give us a very good temperature
check. I mean we can take a look. I
thought we'd gone sort of as far as I'd
seen really with Logos earlier this
week, but this really puts it in
perspective just how many earnings are
coming up in the session today. You
mentioned the mega banks. I mean Alibaba
of course is going to be really one to
watch. BYD as well, the health of their
overseas expansion, how they're also
fairing against their own competitors,
but a major major day. We said $3
trillion of market cap alone reporting
this Friday.
>> Yeah, I have to There was no typo.
Sorry.
>> I was going to say something. I spent
the whole brain today trying to figure
it out.
>> I'm sorry. I I thought Catalyst was
spelled wrong. It looked weird when I
looked at it for the first time. My bad.
Okay. Uh, of course, Alibaba. Obviously
there's a lot hanging here right you
talk about that big number of 3.2 2
trillion in terms of market cap. I think
Alibaba is one making a big chunk of
that, right? So under scrutiny as it's a
consumer business, particularly when it
comes to food delivery. There's a
bruising price war that's really hit the
rivals. We saw that with Mtoan JD.com as
well. Traders will also be watching for
its AI investments and whether those are
starting to pay off. Let's bring in our
team from Uber Intelligence, our senior
analyst, Robert Lee here in the studio.
Also, Katherine Lim in Singapore.
Katherine, I'll start with you because
it seems like anything they say about AI
is going to be overshadowed by what's
going on in food delivery here right
now. And after what we heard from Mtoan,
should we expect Alibaba to follow suit?
>> Well, I'll put it this way. Metoan has
told us how severe the competition was
from April to June and they have guided
that it's going to get worse from um you
know in the third quarter. So I think
Alibaba is likely going to just chip
into that because they are a major force
in the competition that we are seeing
among the three of them. What is
interesting is that you know Maidtoan
actually highlighted that there may be
more e-commerce players coming into the
ondemand um delivery service market. So
they're not alone. the the entire
battlefield is getting more crowded and
you know as we speak right now today is
the seventh lunar uh seventh lunar day
of the seventh month and it is Chinese
Valentine's Day so I'm seeing so much
subsidies and promotions out there when
it comes to bubble tea drinks food
delivery so great day to announce
results
>> yeah and and there I mean there are
signs for instance Alibaba well actually
they delayed their results as well more
than we are expecting. So maybe this is
why but there there are signs that that
Alibaba has more firepower, more
willingness to to keep this battle
going. But how how exactly do you see
them fairing in that pain that we've
seen from Meto for instance? Is Alibaba
actually going to be able to capitalize,
>> right? Um Alibaba still has a very
strong taimo business and um that's
different from your food delivery in a
sense that you know it is a very cash
generative and they've actually built a
um dominance in um from that perspective
with the merchants and the suppliers for
the discretionary goods. So um that's
going to take a hit and don't forget
that the company will be reclassifying
some of these business into now the
overall China e-commerce. So depending
on what they actually report for the
past few quarters itself. But you're
going to see that you know the food
delivery is likely going to be the less
the least profitable compared to its
traditional e-commerce discretionary
selling. And um you know I guess at the
end of the day what we are on the
lookout for these e-commerce companies
really is that what is the new normal
margins for all of their business going
forward.
>> Yep. Uh the new normal in this kind of
fierce competition. I'll bring you Rob
Robert now. Um I mean there's so much
talk about food delivery but we got to
talk about cloud computing. What are we
expecting there on that front for
Alibaba?
>> Okay. um the the focus is more on the AI
side of the cloud business because they
dominate mainstream cloud and they've uh
been increasing their share within the
AI side. So, we'll see the topline
momentum continue to accelerate. Um, and
based on consensus numbers, that should
continue through the rest of the year.
But the key question, and I don't mean
to rain on a parade here, is margins.
Because if you cast your mind back last
quarter, they actually miss margins. And
in in common with some of Katherine's
comments on the e-commerce side and as
we see in many subsectors of the the
China uh tech sector, there's intense
competition, a lot of margin pressure,
companies competing on price. So I think
there is ongoing, you know, at best the
margin remain flattish uh compared to
where it's been in the sort of high
singledigit range. There is a risk that
the margin disappoints again given the
rampant competition there is at the
moment.
Let's just shift a little bit because we
were talking about Cambercon earlier as
well that that they've had uh you know
had to put out a warning essentially
that the frenzy we've seen in the stock
is not justified. How do you look at
valuing stocks like this that are maybe
being considered the next Nvidia in
mainland China because I mean not every
stock is always having their stock price
attached to their fundamentals.
>> Okay. I guess for people with a long
enough memory in the China market um you
know there's fantastic growth
opportunities in this part of the world.
There's some very interesting companies,
but the these markets, not just China,
but I think Asia as a whole, they tend
to have a very high retail element.
There tends to be a lot more volatility
than you might see in other more
developed markets in other parts of the
world. Um, and so you do have a tendency
particularly if you look back to the
pre208
period, stocks were trading at some, you
know, substantial multiples. So it looks
like retail investors coming back.
Cameracon is a business which is really
interesting off a very low base you know
with the support of the state which is
encouraging AI companies to buy locally.
So clearly um it's got a tailwind behind
it. But you made the comparison or
people have made the comparison with
Nvidia. In broad terms, they're similar
businesses, but this is a mino compared
to Nvidia. If you look at the consensus
numbers in US dollar terms, it's net
profit for this financial year will be
$240 million US. Now that's a
substantial increase in what they did
last year and the year before that they
were lossmaking. But you think of the I
can't remember you know tens of billions
that Nvidia's this this is a drop in the
ocean and the valuation it trades on
sure investors might pay over the odds
and and wait for the company to grow
into the multiples but I think most
people would agree and as the company
has said in its release there's maybe a
little bit of overexuberance there
>> all right uh Robert thank you Robert Lee
there uh talking a little bit more about
Capricorn and of course Alibaba thanks
to Katherine Lynn on what to expect on
the food delivery side of things as well
coming up we have Kathy United Bank
joining us next to discuss its business
strategy and potential expansion plans
as well. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Look at some recent earnings that have
been hit by of course uncertainty over
tariffs and the like. Here we heard from
Caterpillar. Shares slipped out of the
bell in the US after the firm warned
that US tariffs will squeeze mar squeeze
margins more than expected. The company
now sees a hit of up to $600 million
this quarter and as much as $1.8 billion
next year. Caterpillar warns its fullear
profit margins will land near the bottom
of its target range, underscoring the
growing cost of tariffs on American
manufacturers. Best Buy shares pair back
some losses after sounding the alarm
that terrace will continue to cloud its
outlook ahead of the holiday season.
That caution tensioned tempered the news
of its first sales increase in more than
three years and fueled by gaming
equipment such as the Nintendo Switch 2
and computer demand. The retailer warns
uncertainty around tariffs on China and
other suppliers remains a key risk.
Costco shipping's first half net income
rose almost 4% to $2.5 billion. It was
driven by stronger exports such as EVs
and batteries, plus resilient demand in
Europe and the US. But China's largest
container ship operator is warning that
uncertainty about tariff policies will
continue to pose challenges for its
outlook. We're taking a a closer look at
the latest trends and supply chain
shifts in the region due to those
uncertainties Avon was just saying
there. But our next guest is from Cafe
United Bank. The firm provides banking
services to major Taiwanese tech firms
and supports crossber business flows in
the region. It's a subsidiary of Cath
Financial Holdings which is one of the
largest financial groups in Taiwan.
Joining us exclusively from Taipei is
their executive vice president, head of
international banking, Benny Meow
joining us. So Benny, thanks very much
for your time this morning and and as I
was just laying out some of the
companies that are facing trade tensions
and how they're dealing with those
tariff risks. I mean, we just said there
as well that you you're banking some of
the biggest companies in Taiwan and
around the region. How are they fairing
right now with that level of uncertainty
or even as more clar comes clarity
rather comes through on tariff rates?
>> Well, good morning and thank you very
much for having me on and and wish you
both a happy Chinese Valentine's Day.
Um, no, our clients right now went
through a period of uncertainty, right?
lack of clarity. But as the tariff
agreements start to settle, there's a
bit more visibility in terms of what
they want to do. I could share that our
clients actually are taking a bit of a
three-prong approach. One is definitely
looking at diversifying their supply
chain in terms of their upstream
suppliers in terms of where they source.
So they have a a better way of
diversifying hedging against any
potential changes in the in the tariff
rates. Uh second, they're also changing
the markets where they sell to, right?
So the some of the benefits I guess the
silver lining would be that they are
getting new customers approaches from
other markets that they previously were
not serving. And the third they're also
looking at diversifying their own
manufacturing base in terms of not
necessarily putting all their eggs in
one basket in any particular market
whereby they are spreading around uh
Southeast Asia potentially given that
the tariff rates are relatively about
any between 19 20% for most of the
countries. Um so they're usually taking
those three wrong approach. Um some
retail uh some clients actually majority
of clients are all saying that they're
talking to their downstream buyers um to
to renegotiate contracts and potentially
to arrange agree to some arrangement of
how to handle the tariff uh increases in
cost.
>> How do you see things since liberation
day? Maybe even give us some context
here. Obviously that was when there was
tremendous amount of uncertainty and now
as you say we have tariff level rates
for most of of of this part of the
world. How has that impacted flows and
and what markets that you're looking to
expand to particularly in in Southeast
Asia too?
Actually after liberation day, the
biggest impact was obviously Vietnam,
right? Um that one was a was a a
surprising number in the force with a
four handle and that pretty much put us
a stop to any investments and any um
development that was clients were
looking at in Vietnam. Once that rate
actually got settled down to the 20,
then um that's where the market
actually, you know, basically picked
back up and the clients are now saying,
"Oh, no. If we're going to continue
investing in Vietnam, uh we're going to
maintain that and potentially even
increase that depending on how the other
trade flows work out with terms of the
other agreements. Right now, the biggest
uh I guess the biggest X factor is
China, right? You're currently at the 30
and we're waiting till November 10th to
see where that settles." Um but you know
as the what we call the T factor comes
into play we don't know what's going to
happen with the tariff extension again
type of treatment.
>> So do you see that then the the China
plus one strategy is still intact? I
mean Vietnam is a market that you've
called your second home. Would you still
continue that pace of investment in the
country?
>> Oh absolutely. I think both the China
plus one or China plus11 um still
continues. uh if anything is
accelerating. Um even for the Chinese
manufacturers themselves, they are also
expanding their base outside of China
homeland. Um Vietnam again is a market
that we're looking very promising. We
have high um high expectations for that
growth going to the future. Um given
where the government is is sending new
policies and new IFC policies in Da Nang
and Ho Chi Min City, I think it's very
it's a it's a it's a market that holds a
huge potential for us and for our
growth. And not only that, as part of
Cathy Financial Holdings, we also have
our sister affiliate companies there in
Cathy life insurance, Cathy uh
insurance, which is our PNC insurance
company. Um, and we have a joint joint
venture bank, and Indovina Bank there.
So, it's a it's a pretty big market to
have our our full Cath platform there.
A
>> and maybe tell us a little bit more. I
think I believe you got approvals to set
up branches in in markets like India and
Japan too, Benny. Can you walk us
through kind of what the business
strategy is around those markets and and
you know how big of expansion are we
talking about and maybe some timeline
too?
>> Uh timeline um we're looking hopefully
within the next 12 months we'll be able
to formally announce that we've
officially open the branches within uh
India and Japan. Strategy wise in any
new market we enter it's really a
three-prong strategy. The first prong is
always um servicing our FDI customers
going into that market. For example,
Japan, not only the Taiwanese but the
other know Chinese companies etc going
into Japan whereby we have one leg
that's already um secured in a in a
market that we we currently are present.
So know that's one that we want to
service. Two is the Japan outbound going
into Southeast Asia. So Japan's a big
investor in say Lao big investor in
Vietnam um and Thailand. So we want to
be able to service those customers as
well. So Japan going out. And then the
third one is more of a longer term play
is where we want to say can we carve out
a segment within the local market
whereby we feel that we can provide
additional services that maybe the local
banks or the regional banks within Japan
cannot serve. So we try to service that
but the first two are the main uh main
strategy points that we look at for
every new market we enter.
>> And so what's sort of the the commitment
then that you make around headcount?
How's your hiring plans looking and and
which markets are you most focused on
then?
>> Uh right now the biggest headcount
increase that we're looking at is
Vietnam and Singapore largely because
Vietnam as I said it's a second home. So
we really have a high expectation in
terms of our base fundamental business.
Second, we also want to increase our
technical capabilities in Vietnam. It's
a home to over 100 million population,
very young population, very know high
techch focused. So we really are looking
to build a a tech hub so to speak in
Vietnam as well. So our our overall
headcount increase in Vietnam is going
to be quite significant over the next
say 3 to 5 years. Singapore is another
one that we want to grow uh significant
headcount is partly because of our
private banking business as well as our
core um corporate banking because of the
regional capabilities. The third one
that we're looking at is obviously the
Hong Kong and greater Bay Area headcount
between Senzen and and Hong Kong. So we
really feel that there's a huge
potential opportunity to really
capitalize on that increasing trade flow
between Shenzhen and and Hong Kong. But
in addition having Hong Kong as a
gateway out for China or China Inc. I
think it's a great opportunity for us to
you know to expedite or facilitate that
kind of flow going China plus one out.
>> Yeah. Benny, what's it going to take to
to create this sort of hub as you say?
How many people are you actually going
to be hiring in the next few years?
uh next figures. I think right now our
headcount in Hong Kong for example is
about 150ish. We're looking to bring
that to maybe 200 hopefully by next of
uh end of next year. Singapore we're
about close to about 180 today. We're
probably increasing that over 200 by
next year as well. Vietnam we're looking
as a collectively we're looking at 200
probably going to grow that by another
50% or so including in the tech space.
>> Great. Thank you Benny. It's great to
have you. Thanks so much and hope you
can come back to the program. Benny Meow
there, executive vice president and head
of international banking at Cath United
Bank in Taipei. Coming up, we're going
to speak exclusively to it, the
credential CEO on the outlook for the
firm after it saw buoyant first half
demand in key markets in Asia. That's
happening in the next hour. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Taking a look at markets this morning.
We're about 25 minutes into the session
so far and you are just seeing I mean
overall markets are holding up today.
But one sector that's in the red is very
much the semiconductor one and that is
after we had a warning from Cabracon. uh
they have been one of the sort of
standouts in in the AI chip space in
China but saying essentially we've gone
too far too fast and and really the the
the the stock price is moving away from
the fundamentals. So that is also
sparking a selloff across the board.
Guai Junan is another name that we're
watching here. You're seeing that stock
for instance climbing around 15%. But
the company has launched virtual asset
trading services for Hong Kong investors
and the SOE's in focus as well. Yeah,
certainly see a big rotation to some of
these S so SOE plays here as well. So
we're seeing a decent sort of bid across
the likes of the banks. ICBC have its
earnings as well. Petrochina, Bank of
China, and China Life all rally here
this morning. We have plenty more in the
next hour. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Sunny skies in Shanghai here today.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and yeah, still looking pretty
good here right now. Right, we're still
tracking, of course, those southbound
flows, which you know, the net selling
yesterday was certainly one thing to
watch given that was record numbers,
right? Looks like we're still seeing
quite a lot of momentum in this onore
rally here this morning. We're up about
half of 1%. But yeah, certainly one to
watch as we look down the next sort of
event risk up there, which of course is
Alibaba earnings.
>> Yeah, Alibaba earnings really one to
track and and also how they're really
fairing in that competition against JD
and Mtoan and who's going to dominate
the food delivery space uh in the
session today as well. I mean, aside
from earnings, that really big watch on
what's happening with the currency
because we had that yuan fix in the last
hour and this is a really strong one. I
mean, we've seen a series of strong
ones, but now it's this big question.
What's the PBC thinking and are they
actually wanting to really change the
way they think about the yuan as well
and engineer an appreciation higher? I
mean earlier this year it was really
kind of let's keep it steady and stand
pad and see how it really goes in the in
the tariff war and tit for tat that we
were seeing between Beijing and
Washington. Now it seems like they're
actually getting really comfortable with
the exchange rate letting it actually
appreciate as well especially when
you've had some strength in the exports
numbers as well. So that's that's what's
happening with the offshore yuan there.
Let's also take a look broadly in the
session today because yes, it's that big
focus on China earnings. It's also
what's going to happen with the Fed's
preferred inflation gauge later today as
well. And if that comes in hotter, what
does that mean for any chance of the
September Fed rate cut? Paul Dobson
though in the last hour, executive
editor for markets was saying really
don't read into it too much. You know,
really from what we had so far from Fed
officials, they're saying they want to
cut in September and and the stage is
really set. So that's what we're seeing
though for broadly for markets in the
session today and really as we said a
couple of watch watch points data plus
what comes through in earnings.
>> Yeah I mean we just had Waller come on
and and spoke too about you know he
thinks that things are ready for a cut
soon too. So certainly of course he's
one of the candidates I guess to maybe
replace Jay Powell so certainly he might
say that but yes uh leaning towards more
dovish uh is certainly still the theme
that we watch given you know the big
take today about the Fed and really what
the Trump administration is trying to do
to influence it is certainly a really
good read out there. But yes, uh we got
to talk about the China rally as you
say, right? It still seems like this
Asia market is has some some momentum
behind it. And that's despite what we
heard from Camber corn and some of
these, you know, the the local domestic
chip makers are actually falling today,
but yet this market is still seeing some
green.
>> Yeah. And actually, we've just had this
call coming out from from Goldman Sachs,
and they have actually raised their
12-month target for the CSI 300 to 4,900
uh from 4,500. So, we're around we're
actually close right now to the 4,500
mark, but just staying a little bit
below that. But 4,900, that's what
they're seeing or setting for their
12-month target. And they're looking at
a range of different supportive
valuation metrics. You've got trend
level profit growth in in the high
single digits, favorable favorable the
market positioning. So, they're saying
basically, you know, we've got room to
grow.
>> Yeah, I think Kinder Laauo and Laura Wei
might have different views right now. I
think Morgan Stanley is saying, look,
uh, they are a bit more cautious. are
talking about emerging signs of of
market overheating. You know, it's
sporadic. You're seeing little hints of
it here and there, but it's not
prevalent just yet. So, maybe not like
big big warning signs, but certainly
there's some little hints out there as
well. So, uh yeah, please come on the
show and talk about it. Um, but we got
to talk about earnings as well. As you
mentioned about Alibaba, that's the key
thing to watch. Obviously, there is that
AI push, but I don't think people are
really going to care too much about that
this time around.
>> No, it's really about food delivery
space, price wars, and how much they
they can fend off the competition. I
mean it's really the key thing that's
come out of JD Mtoan and Alibaba of
course can they be benefiting from the
pain for instance that Mtoan has seen.
>> Yeah. I mean it's the fact that the fact
that Mtoan is talking about pain ahead
and maybe even concerns of
profitability. Does that actually force
and propel Alibaba to go even more
aggressive?
>> Yeah. Your loss my gain maybe. We'll
see. But uh let's get a let's get a
snapshot of how Chinese markets are
doing. Let's bring in our Bloomberg
managing editor for Asia Equities
Leanting 2 is joining us this morning.
So Leing, I mean, we just sort of heard
there these different calls. Goldman
Sachs has just just boosted their China
stock targets. Ivonne was pointing out
Morgan Stanley is is flagging the risks,
but but what's going to be the next key
to to drive the the the China stock
rally, do you think?
>> Yeah, the next key people are talking
about is really the household savings.
uh we're talking about a near record $22
trillion of household savings and
whether that bowl of money is going to
into the Chinese stock market is
something that uh uh all market
participants are watching very closely.
We are seeing early signs of retail uh
investors coming into the market. If you
look at the account opening data in
July, I think we seeing a 70% jump. But
we are also looking at other data points
showing that there is definitely not
that kind of enthusiasm that we saw in a
rally in October last year or previous
um rallies. And as you guys pointed out,
Morgan Stanley and Goldman, they are
debating whether the rally has legs. And
I think retail investors have they have
gone through all the boom and bust
cycles and they were really burned and
scarred a few times. and uh the earliest
sort of the the I should say a parallel
in 2015 still very much fresh uh on many
people's minds. So you know that kind of
explains why the kind of animal spirits
we saw in previous cycles are not really
coming in very strongly at this point.
So yeah, I think uh uh we are going also
going to be tracking uh all sorts of
data points to see whether that ball of
money is trickling in.
>> Uh in terms of what we're hearing from
regulators, I mean what what what what
do you think is the regulatory stance
towards this rally now?
>> Yeah, I think regulators are very much
caught in a bind right now. They really
want to um curb speculation but they
also want to engineer or foster a
healthy or slow bull market and so far
we have seen measures coming out from
regulators to to support the market. For
example, they have unwound some of the
restrictions including easing
shortselling uh rules. uh but at the
same time we also saw curbs from you
know brokers and phone houses and
commercial banks to restrict uh flows
into the stock market. It it is not a
easy task for regulators to succeed in
in engineering this bull market and uh
there's a lot of speculation that big
ban curbing measures may not come in
before the September 3rd military parade
but after that you know we may see some
more stronghanded measures um but this
time may be slightly different just
because as I just mentioned earlier
retail investors are actually not
storming in right now So it could
possibly make regulators job a little
bit easier this time around.
>> Yeah, a little bit more stable in that
way. Leanting, thank you. Leanting too,
there are managing editor for Asia
Equities joining us out of Singapore. We
got some big interviews coming up as
well on the China show. We're speak
exclusively with Credential CEO Anil
Wadmani there talking a little bit more
about the business outlook and side of
things, what markets that really they're
looking into. as well. Uh Mike Ming as
well from EFund Management, a PM there
discussing dividend strategy when it
comes to onshore and offshore markets
there. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, we're tracking the insurance
sector this morning, and here's what
we've seen from some of the industry's
biggest companies in the region. China
Life's new business value leads the
field with 58% growth. Credential also
reported earnings this week and the
metric that it uses, which is new
business profit, was up 12% in the first
half.
>> Yeah. Joining us exclusively here right
now uh is the Credential CEO, Anil
Abwani, there. And certainly there's
been a lot of talk uh since those
earnings came out about you know the
high and premium segment of things and
really that's really driving a lot of
their growth here right now. China
certainly has been a market that has
been uh coming back and reemerging here
and certainly of course uh more on their
strategy when it comes to expanding in
the region. Anil Wmani is joining us
here in our studios. Anil, it's great to
have you here.
>> It's good to be here.
>> Uh so as Bill mentioned 12% gain the
first half you you have of course this
2025 guidance of 10% growth in new
business profit. what gives you
confidence that you can carry that
momentum into the second half?
>> Yeah, so very pleased uh Ivan with the
set of results that we announced uh
double-digit growth across our key
matrix very much in line with the
guidance that we had given in the
earlier part of the year and it's been a
key inflection point for us uh in terms
of our transformation journey. the free
uh surplus generation uh was positive
14%. Which goes to underscore the
strength of a business model the
capability it has to generate
sustainable cash returns for our
shareholders over a sustainable period
of time. Now the trajectory that we set
for ourselves uh as well as the
investments that we are making in the
growth drivers of the business gives us
high levels of confidence to carry that
trajectory into the second half.
What markets do you think are are seeing
the most growth here right now?
>> Yeah, I think a key strength I for
credential is the uh multimarket growth
engine model. And we think about uh
markets in uh segments of greater China,
Azan, uh India and Africa. And given our
capital strength, we have an opportunity
to grow all these markets.
>> So, Greater China markets did very well
within Azan. Uh Indonesia, uh Hong Kong,
Thailand grew their new business profit.
uh India again is a phenomenal
opportunity for us and Africa uh the
angophone markets grew north of 20%. uh
and that's again something that we are
looking to as to how it can match and uh
complement the growth profile in Asia
>> and with China you know it's been a
struggling market for for some years
right but it seems like from a sentiment
perspective things are picking up again
um what what what sort of presence do
you think credential is going to still
have in in the mainland when you have
rivals like AI that are really widening
their footprint there now
>> yes so interestingly we have uh a
phenomenal presence and footprint in
China. Uh we are in across 23 branches
over 100 cities.
>> You have a J JV with CIC
>> joint venture uh with CIC one of the
largest state enterprises uh in in
China. So uh the distribution and access
is not an issue for us. uh when we uh
gave the guidance in early part of the
year uh double digit across uh our key
matrix I had mentioned that you could
expect China to grow at high single
digit and given that China grew 8% was
very much in line with what our key
expectation is I guess the important
piece is China continues to be a
phenomenal market and a phenomenal
opportunity I mean if you look at just
the expanse of the market the aging
population uh over 40% of The population
in China is likely to be greater than 60
years by 2045. The health care costs uh
and while they are coming down, they're
still at a pretty elevated level as
compared to some of the western markets.
So I think there are structural growth
drivers in China that will drive growth
for the insurance sector for the
foreseeable future.
>> Yeah. Um how is the competition in that
space right now? Uh I think the
competition uh is uh obviously quite
intense across markets and China being
no exception. But I think what uh we are
focused on is the strengths that
credential brings. Right? 180 years
>> almost of presence in multiple markets
across the world. Uh great expertise,
great knowledge, phenomenal brand,
almost a household brand in the markets
that we operate in. uh and as I said
multimarket multi- uh channel growth uh
growth engine model
>> um it's been well telegraphed this $1
billion of capabilities investment that
you guys have announced as well. Um can
you tell us a bit more about just the
the thinking behind it and can you frame
kind of the benefits from these
investments?
>> Yeah. So uh when we announced a strategy
in August 2023 uh I did uh mention that
uh we would like to invest a billion
dollars uh to modernize uh credential
and to make credential future ready. And
what I meant by that was uh modernizing
our technology, our processes, our
capabilities. Uh and we have made some
phenomenal progress in that uh
direction. expanding our distribution,
setting up our health vertical, focusing
on automation and driving better
customer experiences and we are seeing
some great results and a good proof
point is the first half results that we
delivered this year.
>> How soon do you think we could see
returns or even you know more more sort
of sustained returns? I would say that
you're already seeing the returns uh
which is illustrated by the results and
as I said we've uh only halfway through
our transformation journey and uh I
believe that our execution of the
strategy is getting sharper. Uh I want
to get your take also on there's a trend
in the insurance business or at least
asset management where the these sort of
external fund managers and and
alternative investment firms are really
kind of getting into the likes of
private credit and the like and it's
really kind of transformed the insurance
industry in some ways. Does it change
how you rethink where where you put your
investments or what maybe you know which
insurers are quite conservative in where
they invest whether it's traditional
bonds or or IG credit. Yeah, good
question. Let me answer this in two
parts, right? One is uh we are very
pleased to have an internal asset
manager. Uh I think the flywheel between
uh insurance and asset management is
something that's kind of unique to
credential and the more you grow the
flows through insurance, the more flows
our asset management company gets. So
that integrated model and how we can
bring the manufacturing capabilities of
our asset management company and
complement that with insurance and
create products for our customers
specifically in the high net worth
segment I think is a distinct
opportunity. On your question on private
credit uh our balance sheet is very
conservatively positioned. uh so uh
private assets are relatively a small
part uh but that speaks to the
opportunity and I think there is
opportunity on a selective basis for us
to grow our exposure to some of the
private assets.
>> Yeah. Your CFO mentioned about stepping
up those allocations into the private
space. I believe currently it's what 1.2
1 to 2% of your investment profile.
Maybe that could be bumped up to 5 to
10.
>> That's correct.
>> Can you give us a bit of a timeline on
when that could happen?
>> I think insurance if you look at it Ivon
they are long-term business. We are a
long-term business right. the policies
that we write are 5 10 20 years long and
then when you look at the private asset
category it kind of you know matches
with that time time duration right
specifically when you look at
infrastructure
>> uh I guess these investments complement
the just the long-term nature of our of
our insurance business
>> what is the breakdown that you're
looking at I mean you mentioned
infrastructure is it private credit is
it private equities I mean what is it
that you
>> I think it would be primarily
infrastructure and private credit
>> okay Okay. Um, obviously there's a lot
of talk about Espring this deal. It's
been reported that there's been it's
been on and off. Can you tell us a bit
more about any updates on on why there's
been a holdup?
>> Yeah, I wouldn't speak to market
speculation. Uh, Espring is an integral
part of potential. As I said, we like
the flywheel between uh insurance and
asset management. Uh, I think we are
focused on three things. uh driving
investment performance, expanding our
third party distribution and driving
efficiencies which I believe there is
significant opportunity in uh and as I
said uh I'm looking forward to
harnessing the manufacturing
capabilities to provide innovative
solutions to our customers.
>> What is sort of the long-term thinking
on the asset management arm though? Is
it is it more about selling a stake? Is
it more about partnerships? Are they
some you know what are the options that
you're considering right now? I think we
have some distinct strengths uh when you
look at uh espring in terms of fixed
income uh and equities uh when it comes
to the Asian context. What we're looking
for is an opportunity to be able to beef
up uh those capabilities and uh that
will then allow us to uh deploy the
flows from the life business in a more
effective manner. Uh before I let you
go, you could talk about India
certainly. Um there's a lot there with
the ICI the IPO. Uh also you're applying
for a standalone health license uh with
partner there too. What sort of progress
has it made so far in that front?
>> So India is a strategic market for us.
We're very happy with our joint venture
relationship with ICICI uh and I think
uh just kind of given the structural
opportunities that India has on offer uh
we want to do more uh in the Indian
market. You're absolutely right. uh we
are very much on track uh to launch our
standalone health business in India. Uh
the out-of- pocket expenses in uh India
are north of 50%. So it just kind of
speaks to the wallet size and the
opportunity there and uh you're right
we're also looking to the potential IPO
of our asset management business in
India.
>> All right Anil it's great to have you
Anil Wani there CEO at Credential
joining us here in our studios.
>> Great interview there. Well, just as
you've been speaking, we've actually had
an NDRC briefing underway this hour. And
some of the interesting headlines that
have come out so far relate to AI. Of
course, the story today is Cambercon,
for instance. The AI chip designer
warning that the the stock price is
starting to detach from the
fundamentals, but actually NDRC briefing
has has touched on this perhaps, but
they're talking about firmly avoiding
disorderly competition in AI
development. They're also looking at
promoting data factor sharing for AI and
also promoting promoting so-called
orderly human capital circulation for AI
as well. But just some of the headlines
and highlights out of that briefing so
far from the NDC. You can see here
Chinese stocks are moving high. We've
got the CSI 300 on track for its highest
level since March 2022. at more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Chinese President Xi Jinping's
closest international allies, including
the leaders of Russia and India, are
gathering in Tanzhin this weekend for
China's biggest diplomatic event of the
year. The Shanghai Cooperation
Organization Leader Summit will be
followed next week by a rare military
parade in Beijing. Let's cross over
there to our chief Asia correspondent,
Stephen Angel, joining us from the
Chinese capital right now. And Steve,
what are you looking for from the SEO in
particular this time?
Well, this is likely to be the biggest
SEO ever and it was formed about 24
years ago by Beijing and other nations
including many of the central Asian uh
former Soviet republics like
Usuzbekistan, Tajjikhstan, Kazakhstan
and others as as well as Russia and
India 10 members now Barus adding uh to
make it a round 10. But there are also
other countries that are observers and
partners like Saudi Arabia, Mongolia.
We're going to have the Turkish
president here as well, Erdogan. We're
going to have the prime minister of
Malaysia, the president of Indonesia,
Iranian leader is going to be here as
well. So, it's really shaping up to be
the largest SEO uh to date. Uh because
again, Xiinping is the host. I of course
we're going to be looking at the dynamic
between Xiinping and Vladimir Putin.
That's front and center. Uh how are they
going to build out their no limits
partnership going forward? But more
intriguing to me is going to be the Modi
Xi dynamic, the Modi Putin dynamic at a
time of course when the United States is
been uh kind of lambasting
New Delhi for its purchases of Russian
oil and then refining it and repackaging
it. So the US of course has put an extra
25% tariff on Indian goods because of
that on top of the reciprocal tariffs of
25% sort of pushing if you will New
Delhi more towards a cooperative
arrangement with Beijing if not Moscow
as well. So there's a lot at stake
obviously in this time of increased
geopolitical pressure from the United
States on the trade front. So how much
weight can the SEO and its 26 nations
and observers uh you know really find a
coalesed message coming from Tanzhin
this weekend?
>> Yeah, I think that's been sort of one of
the challenges so far is articulating a
vision beyond just pushing back on
so-called US a US unipolar world. I mean
are they going to be able to do that? Is
that going to be a focus do you think of
this summit? And how does well does that
set us up for the military parade next
week?
Yes. Well, the military parade will be
just sort of a show of hardware from the
Chinese. They have definitely modernized
their uh military, the PLA, if not
revamped it with a lot of senior officer
purges, but also advanced weaponry and
drones and intercontinental ballistic
missiles. So, we'll see all that coming
on Wednesday. But at the SEO, it's it's
really going to be fascinating to see
just how far the reproach mall between
India and China has gone. There was this
letter that we have learned, Bloomberg
News in this scoop that was sent from
Xiinping to his counterpart in New Delhi
back in March kind of testing the waters
to see if New Delhi was willing to
basically bridge their differences at a
time when we were already hearing that
the Trump administration was going to be
more protectionist and was going to be
launching essentially a trade war on
many different fronts. And I guess New
Delhi was quite taken aback and taken by
surprise by this 50% tariff which sort
of pushed if you will Modi closer to
Beijing. So I want to hear what both of
those leaders are saying about this new
relationship and what does it mean. Keep
in mind the Pakistani leader is going to
be here as well. So that makes it even
more intriguing. But Chinese officials
here have already been dubbing it a
dragon elephant tango.
That's that's a a euphemism for great
relationship building obviously between
those two of the world's uh well the two
most populous nations.
>> Yeah, great stuff Steve. I mean really
looking forward to your reporting over
the coming days. That's our chief North
Asia correspondent Steven Angel there in
Beijing and just taking a look at some
of the movers in the session as well so
far because lots of earnings of course
we've been talking about $3 trillion in
market cap reporting today but some of
those as well that have already posted
their numbers. casino operator for
instance SJM and you're seeing a very
sharp drop there but Ebida fell short of
of of expectations. We've also got Gree
Electric for instance their first net
income missed as well. Fosan Hightown
though is looking a little bit better
because analysts are seeing a core or a
solid core business for it and Lee Auto
as well that's in the green there
because you're seeing AI efforts
essentially from the company.
overshadowing or or investors looking at
that as opposed to some weak results and
price target cuts as well. We'll have
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
heading to that lunch break here right
now. And we are seeing a bit of downside
when it comes to stocks there this
morning. and the NIK is down about half
of 1%. Same goes for the topics as well.
The yen is just below that 147 level,
but certainly a lot of action happened
in that 2-year yield yesterday after we
saw the weakest demand in that auction
since 2009. So certainly there's still a
lot of traders that are betting that BOJ
is going to have to hike rates pretty
soon. Yeah, certainly keeping a close
watch on that, but also taking a look at
what's happening across Asian markets
this morning. And we're actually looking
fairly steady so far. interesting
because overnight we actually saw the
S&P 500 hitting a fresh record high. We
had GDP for instance or GDP data that
showed consumers are are kind of holding
up right now in the economy and and big
question marks of course where we go
with the Fed's preferred inflation gauge
on Friday and if that manages to derail
any expectations we have already kind of
baked in right now for a Fed rate cut in
September. But in terms of what we're
watching in the session today, I mean
there's a couple of different key
themes. Earnings of course is is really
standing out. Can't say it enough. $3
trillion of market cap in China is
reporting today. Market cap in terms of
the number of companies reporting. Lots
of different ones we're focusing on, but
Alibaba, I think, is is one of the big
standouts.
>> Yeah, Alibaba is certainly is the one. I
mean, obviously given all the pain that
we're seeing in the food delivery space
here right now. Uh and then again, you
know, are we going to see that sort of
earnings momentum that can keep this
rally going? uh still it's sort of a
question mark as we're more than halfway
through the earning season here right
now. Another sector they're watching
today are Chinese banks. The big four
reporting earnings on Friday and for
what to expect, let's bring in our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst,
Francis Chan. Uh he joins us now. Uh
Francis, what are you expecting this
time around for the Chinese banks?
>> Well, um I I think uh you you don't
expect a lot of growth from this sector.
Uh this sector is still undergoing the
severe uh non pressure. uh and uh one of
the the positives from from the industry
trend will be uh still relatively steady
the asset quality as reflected by the um
sectoral uh uh data from the regulator.
So um we we are looking for um maybe uh
more or less a flat earnings for the
biggest banks um maybe uh relative to
last year's numbers and uh of course we
hope for some improvement especially in
nious margins but loan growth has been
uh meeting with really muted demand over
the past three months according to
social financing data um and uh we we
will uh look folks for some of the
guidance on management tonight.
What do what do you think in terms of of
the trading activity because we have
seen Chinese bank stocks rising but at
the same time if you take a look at
options activity for instance it's
bearish wages that are dominating so
what happens do you think post the
numbers
>> well uh if you try to look at the uh for
instance over the past 18 to 19 months
of China bank stocks in Hong Kong um
very obviously uh it has been partly
driven by uh uh the purchases from the
national team and and many of the
southbound flows uh when when China is
not uh uh you know when on the mainland
in the mainland market the interest
rates and and asset use are getting
lower and lower and uh we we then see a
lot of flows to Hong Kong. uh I I reckon
much of those will be uh from the
Chinese market and with high and high
volume obviously um that there will be
more option activities uh and for the uh
for investors is also a very good
playground if they don't want to take
part in the underlying market.
Francis, the the big reason why we've
seen, you know, bank stocks do quite
well is is the dividend play, right? How
intact is that story still for some of
these lenders?
um these big banks for instance the uh
big four state banks in China they will
still pay out uh uh onethird of their
profits uh as uh dividends and uh I
don't see that will change and and if
there will be uh any like uh uh slightly
decline in their net profits uh they may
adjust the payout ratio modestly to keep
the payout ratio uh to to pay the
dividend per share steady or even higher
and higher. So, um that that story
should still be pretty much intact.
>> All right, Francis, thank you. Our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst
Francis Chan joining us in Hong Kong on
what to expect uh for some of these bank
earnings here today. Let's bring in Mike
Ming now, portfolio manager at Eph
Management. He focuses of course on the
whole dividend play uh in this Chinese
market. And Mike, we we talk about how
it really was, you know, the dividend
strategies that really was the first to
really drive this equity rally in China
that maybe we've still been so in the
spotlight by the likes of tech of late,
but do you still think that this whole
dividend trade is intact and why?
>> Um, my pleasure to be here. Thanks for
having me. Uh, this is Mike M from Eon
Management and so good question. for the
past two years uh the dividend uh
strategy worked uh pretty well. So um
but it was usually not the case because
uh for example for the mutual fund
managers they always love uh growth
opportunities. Um they always believe in
the uh like um bright futures of the
stories. Um but why was that? So what
changed? Uh for the past I first of all
I would say uh for the past two years
the uh economies remained pretty soft.
Uh so uh in that sense there are now
there were now many uh opport uh growth
opportunities in those TMT um and the
new energy sectors. But meanwhile um the
uh dividend names uh are pretty uh were
pretty good in terms of the the earning
growth um though low at like uh single
digit to uh low teens.
So uh another reason was that um the PB
ratio for the dividends uh names were
pretty uh were at a historical low uh
for the bank sectors it was uh even
below 0.5. So in that sense the reating
opportunities were for uh those dividend
names were pretty high.
Uh therefore uh there were uh some uh
mutual fund managers who always
abandoned the banks uh coming back um
for the banks.
>> That was the reason why uh the dividend
strategy was uh working pretty well. But
going forward uh
>> so Mike
>> Yeah. going for Mhm.
>> Uh it really depends on how long you
look at it.
Um so for uh if you look at for a
long-term investment I would say
definitely uh dividend is still uh going
to uh perform pretty well because of the
low rate environment the tbound fell
below like 2%. But in the short term if
you look at the onshore equity market uh
rally um I would say uh as long as
there's ample liquidity into the market
all the things like u AI biotech even
labu all the hard terms you can think of
will dominate so in that sense dividend
may not be your top choice
>> then then who is dividend uh a dividend
strategy a top choice for I mean who are
you looking at to be really sort of
driving that that that move or that
shift.
>> Uh yeah. So um we talk about the mutual
fund managers who always go for uh the
growth opportunities. Uh but they are
not the real fans of the dividend names.
The real fans of the dividend names are
actually with uh so-called absolute
return uh investors. for example the
insurance um the pension funds or even
some bank uh wealth management products
investors. So for those investors their
risk appetite is kind of low. Um so they
don't go for the uh dreams in the air
but they prefer rather something on the
ground like the 6% cash dividend that
you can just pick up. So um for uh their
um investors the rational behind is um
simpler is kind of just to compare the
yield like fix fixed income investment.
Say for example if you look at Alip pay
uh the U yield uh nowadays guess how low
it is just 1% uh which was over 3%. So
nobody can be happy about that. you got
to do something. But if you look around
uh the property market is off the table
as well. So there's not much choice uh
really for especially for the mainland
investors.
>> Um and the rational for like insurers
>> for
>> can you tell us about fund flows Mike
because obviously banks have been one of
the key beneficiaries of this whole
dividend strategy. Are there other parts
of this market where you know that sort
of dividend strategy still works right
now? Sure.
Uh yeah, for the fund flows I would say
definitely in the pension funds uh the
insurers and u and the southbound
capitals. Uh so um for example for the
southbound capital just u for this year
it has been more than um 900 billion uh
yen. So that's a lot. So that's really
uh still driving the case. As long as uh
the uh yield is above four to five, it's
still like 300 plus beeps uh spread over
the tbound. So that's going to work.
>> Do do the opportunities look different
between A and H shares?
>> Uh yes. So I would say in uh two sense.
So um comparing the uh comparing the
yield I would say uh uh the Hong Kong
market scores because the yield uh uh
there are a lot of names giving over 6%
yield uh versus in China uh in in the
Asia market is about four to five but in
terms of the uh the sector composition
um the Asia actually uh scores uh
because there are more and more um u
sectors um rather than the traditional
financials and energy. We can see a lot
of like consumer uh manufacturing names
coming into the high uh dividend paying
uh bucket.
>> Okay, Mike, we got to leave it there.
Thank you. Mike Ming there, portfolio
manager at Eund Management, joining us
out of Shanghai. And coming up, HSBC
Global Resource joins us to look ahead
to BYD's earnings and why they think the
firm will be able to maintain market
leadership in a fiercely competitive
sector. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, you're watching the China Show.
We've been talking today is absolutely a
bumper day for earnings in mainland
China, Hong Kong as well. But some of
the highlights of course we've got
Alibaba, we've got the banks, but we've
also got BYD and you're seeing that
stock here rising in anticipation of the
numbers. I mean the expectation or the
prediction is that we're going to get a
very robust first half set of numbers.
That's after heavy discounting against
some of its models that have boosted
sales in turn. That's also playing out
in what we're seeing in terms of the
call put ratio because that is actually
starting to rise here as well. So that
tells you investors are actually getting
a lot more positive about the stock
because that's the number of bullish
contracts on it are outweighing the ones
that are calling for price decline. So
that's actually the highest level we've
seen now going back to May of 2024.
>> All right, let's bring out Euchen Ding,
head of China Auto Research at HSBC
Global Research joining us now. Uh we'll
start with BYD. Obviously that's the big
one here, but there there's signs of
domestic demand is softening. Obviously
there such fierce competition. You're
still quite optimistic about the whole
EV sector in general. Why is that?
>> Yeah. um because like uh in the first
seven months is EV still outperform the
general market. So I would say um the
backdrop is uh consumption downgrade is
weak demand you just mentioned that um I
guess the reality check is between smart
and better product the consumer choose
the the cheaper product. I guess that's
the reality the market going to face.
But um we would say like EV still
represent uh the best um technology
because let's say uh the conventional
ice models they barely get maintained
but you will get every month a lot of
new EV models into the market all the uh
smart autonomous driving technology
mostly loaded on EVs and you have you
simply just have more new model supply.
I would also point out one interesting
trend among EV is that with the
increasing availability and adoption of
the fast charging basically using EV is
um um is almost um on par the similar
experience when you use an ice let's say
fast charging uh 5 to 10 minutes charge
50% of your battery capacity or 400
kilometers range
>> come on uh you get a coffee probably
take you 15 minutes
>> yeah sort of removing that range anxiety
I guess and actually I think that showed
up in the latest uh sales that we saw
for Europe and and even EVs were picking
up there and that's sort of been one of
the markets more behind. But BYD as
well, I mean it's had to offer discounts
to to entice shoppers as well. Do you
see that having a bearing at all and of
course they've got scale so maybe they
can withstand more than their
competitors?
>> Great question. A lot of nuance uh
happened lately. I would say um the
situation the pricing situation has been
changing um on BYD. So in early May we
do see BYD is pushing discount but then
we uh we we see the top down message
from the government anti-involution. So
basically calling for more discipline in
terms of the pricing capacity uh as well
as the supply uh supply chain. We see
BYD is taking the the the the leading
position in terms of doing all these
discipline uh no matter it's on the
pricing side or on the um supply chain
side. They're also giving the red pocket
basically channel support in the second
quarter to uh their dealers. So
generally we see much better uh price
discipline in the past two months
especially on BYD. they have a very
great um um channel management too. So
the inventory level has been controlled
within um um less than two months less
than 1.5 months uh threshold. So
generally I would say uh channel and
pricing situation for BYD become much
more disciplined and they have been
taking the lead to echo the anti-
evolution. Um
>> can can they actually lead the whole
sector to do the same because we we had
a report yesterday that talked about how
you know we haven't seen you know that
much of a change. I mean, how difficult
is it going to be actually controlling,
you know, the behavior in a very ultra
competitive sector like EVs now and
really trying to at least stop this
irrational competition?
>> Yeah, great point. U I would say the
market point um u we're still in the
process of the industry consolidating uh
consolidation. Basically, industry
consolidation means it has to get worse
before it get better. But we we did say
uh we would we we would say this year
consolidation seems to be taking a post.
the first seven months of this year um
the industry um the EV industry top 10
market share is 77% versus 78% last year
so it's actually taking a pause here
couple of reasons of course we talked
about the anti-involution it calls for
more um discipline in the near term so
um during the the current um industry uh
consolidation taking a pause process we
do see the recent two months market has
been focusing more on the laggers with
new model cycle than the leaders because
let's say the leaders have the existing
portfolio and if we are having the price
discipline within um a weak lukewarm uh
demand and pricing environment that
seems to be limited I could do but as a
lagger uh if I have new model I can set
the price a little bit lower but that
wouldn't count as like um a disrupt the
price discipline I simply based on the
market regime to set the price so we
would say on against this backdrop the
lead the the laggers with more product
cycle with more new model catalyst would
be better positioned
>> okay
>> just whilst we've been speaking here.
We're just taking a look at CL as well
because shares are absolutely surging. I
don't know if we've got a specific
reason just yet, but uh the most now
since October 2024. So, you're looking
at upside of around 11% for the stock
right now. Of course, the ATL it's a big
supplier into the pure EV and and BYD of
course as well. But what do you think is
is or which company do you think in the
EV space? Pure EV space is is fairing
best right now against that intense
price competition?
>> So, you were talking about cattle. So
well are we talking about EV battery
broadly or um just among the EV makers?
>> No, the EV makers.
>> The EV makers. So I would say like
structurally we still see um BYD the
consolidation winner is just currently
well um running into the chapter that
the the current market setting seems to
be u favoring the laggers with more um
uh with more new car to offer especially
in the near term. So we recently
upgraded Grey Wall and and Don. Um I I
think mostly uh for gay war they they've
got the new model coming to the market.
They have another two model coming soon.
So second half in terms of motorcycle
cycle um it's very strong and we see a
lot of m momentum and uh uh their
overseas market um single market is
weakness has been mitigated by by the
rest of market growth. So all in all
with solid earnings and more model
coming we would highlight our recent um
action to buy on great wall and also um
uh don't phone like SOE names used to be
a little bit ne neglected by the market
but I would say um the privatization and
the potential EV uh decade listing deal
um sort of make um the conventional like
eyes incumbency name become attractive
again at least from a near-term
perspective.
>> What do you make of Xiaomi? you know
there's talk about entering even Europe
I think in a few years or so. How do you
think that's going to shake up the the
competition overseas?
>> Yeah. So Xiaomi is also another reason
uh that's why the top 10 um is not uh is
not uh consolidating because Xiaomi is
the number 11. Obviously Xiaoming coming
from nowhere chipping away a little bit
from everybody. So I would say uh it is
a very um um uh phenomenon in the in the
auto market and they they've been
gaining a lot of traction uh in the
domestic market. Um I think oversee uh
of course for the broader China EV
industry um is one of the strategically
important mid-to- long-term uh strategy
because in terms of product is global
competitive although we are looking at a
more complicated global trading
environment so potentially if you
localize if you localize the the
production and eventually you localize
your design not every country like the
big SUV and and for Europe probably uh
the the small um uh hatchback um would
be a more suitable product and if you do
that um I think all all of the EV
companies including BYD and Xiaomi are
thinking strategically on that front. So
if we uh see more traction about
localization about the the global
partnership, I wouldn't be surprised.
That's part of the plan.
>> I mean it's been really remarkable the
the the strength and the performance of
Xiaomi so far in the EV space and
probably caught a lot of people by
surprise that they've been able to do it
so quickly as well. Is there anything
else that you think that that investors
or analysts are missing in in the the
autos market in China right now?
>> Uh I would say autonomous driving. We
talked about it. So 2025 seems to be the
inflection year for u autonomous
driving. It remind me of EV in 2020. So
when uh when a when a penetration
breaking 10% if you have um ample
supply, if you have a consumer adoption,
we will see the adoption curve go
exponential. We are seeing the same
momentum um on autonomous driving since
BYD led the democratizing autonomy in
first quarter. We do see more OEM join
the club to make high level of autonomy
become one of the standard config
configuration in the new car. So
although um we did talked about the
consumer down trade this year and
probably in the near term OEM have to
gorge the additional bomb cost u for the
time being but uh let's say uh within
the city uh if we're talking about the
commute mode um your car driving from
your parking lot to your office parking
lot the whole process hands off for the
whole week that's the experience that's
going to be in flag in the coming 12 to
18 months. So if you have that kind of
um uh function um the consumer's payment
uh intention will go up from there. We
see potential better revenue
opportunity. I do want to highlight that
because that's the one of the most
important key words of the sector among
EV that is autonomous driving. That's
predominant the second half of the
debate.
>> Okay. I can't even wrap my head around
that.
>> I love that idea
>> that someone's going to No one's going
to be driving me.
>> Regulators will need to catch up though,
you know, because you've got to have the
regulations.
>> We don't live in China. That's why we
have Hong Kong where
>> of course of course regulators are also
doing their job. They're ramping up
their uh framework on that. But let's
say um um uh it's the same thing. So the
regulator is playing catching up the
technology while at the same point is
keep breaking out and provide you
basically hustleless um driving no
driving experience.
>> Oh fascinating stuff. All right. Thank
you. Yan there head of China auto
research at HSBC global research. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Taking a look at markets this morning
and we're actually seeing Chinese
equities that are that are in the green
so far today. Yesterday was a really
interesting session because we really
saw that preference for A shares
starting to build at the expense of
eight shares of course. But today in the
session, I mean, there's really a lot to
watch on on on the docket. You've got
earnings, of course, we can't say
enough. Alibaba is coming up. BYD is
coming up. We've got PMI figures over
the weekend as well, plus uh the Fed's
preferred inflation gauge uh later
today.
>> Yeah, it's really kind of regained some
mojo here right now, particularly when
it comes to Hong Kong. We're at 1% right
now. His tech is also ups 1%. Maybe
Alibaba could be the big catalyst next,
but certainly there this this whole
momentum behind this equity rally
continues. news and maybe that's why
Goldman Sachs decided to raise their
price targets for the CSI 300 as well.
That's it for us here on the China show.
Insight with Helinda Almond is next.
Stay with us.
[Music]